# Adeira working group meeting 16.11.2019

## Attendees

- Martin
- Trond
- Jarda
- Michal

- should we do regular meetings? YES. Monthly? YES. Focus on one topic / mission? Not exactly one topic / mission for everyone, multiple things planned for the next session. Important is ownership and participation via code reviews.
- no need to export a dedicated repository for every package, everything is now open-sourced in monorepo. The main benefit of the dedicated repository is marketing.

## Missions

### Adeira.dev

Owned by Jarda, not much progress yet. Some free time over the weekend. Let's deploy MVP with a lot of todos, no problem with that. Implemented with Docusaurus.

The goal of Adeira.dev is to be a user-friendly gateway into the Adeira projects.

### Relay hooks

There are questions that need to be researched. Include experimental React and Relay into Adeira? Keep it backward compatible? Maybe provide `@adeira/relay-experimental`? Martin is gonna work on this.

### Typescript support

Michal needs this in his current job. Probably no automation possible, let's start with manually created d.ts files.

### Nice to have

- Remove dependency on `graphql.kiwi.com` endpoint. Just a mocked data would be OK for the Relay Example.
- In the future, server with support for `@module` directive, etc should be built.
