# Adeira working group meeting 1.11.2020

## Attendees

- Martin
- Trond
- Michal

## Monorepo transition to Bazel

- Bazel is better with caching, knows what happened with the code, understand dependencies.
- It will enable more languages in the monorepo.
- No need to change Shipit or NPM publisher.
- Currently, it runs too long in GH pipeline, that should be fine once it's done correctly.
- Why Bazel? Most promising one, good community, features and support.
- Once it's done right, should be a pleasure to use.
- Trond is playing with Bazel: https://github.com/tbergq/bazel-monorepo

## Vercel preview

- Do we want to start using it? Yes, hopefully, it's gonna be for free.

## Typescript

- It's better to have them in DefinitelyTyped repo
- Better linters and tooling there
- Publish info about TS support in Docs or Readme

## React 17

- We should wait for full support in Storybook.
- Storybook is used only in SX Tailwind, can be removed, SX Tailwind website is a better showcase
- New JSX transform should be tried (available from `react@16.14.0`). Removes the need for `import * as React` and there is a codemod for that.

## SX

- It's good to have `mdn-data` as a source for generated types
- A missing property is probably a bug with the generator
- Vendor prefixing will be done automatically by SX
- Features plan https://github.com/adeira/universe/issues/996

## SX Tailwind

- Publish features plan

## Github discussions

- Apply for beta https://github.community/t/can-one-apply-for-github-discussions-beta/121120

## Review process

- No luck with existing tools or automation. Has to play well with Dependabot
- Let's see how notifications will work

## Adeira.dev

- Put published projects on 3r level domains
- Ask Jarda about Adeira.dev domain ownership and his slot in Vercel.
- Martin changed the Logo a little bit and refreshed the website.

## Sponsoring

- We are open for it
- Martin has the first sponsor (Michal :-) ) and is happy about it
- If you are reading this and like what we are doing, feel free to sponsor!
