# Adeira working group meeting 22.02.2020

## Attendees

- Martin
- Trond
- Michal
- Jarda

## Overview

- Nice to have the GQL server for Relay example, props to Trond
- Maybe add mutation example

## Adeira.dev

- No progress
- There was not a clear idea about the content. Let's try tutorials

## Typescript

- Create PR with `.d.ts` files for whatever package you want to have typed
- Adeira ESLint is configurable, so usage in TS project should be no problem
- There could be automatic support based on file extension
- Would be nice to provide an example of how to set up ESLint in TS project

## Relay & hooks

- Hooks in Relay are done, it's waiting for React Suspense stable release
- No experimental packages in Adeira. It's too much work and no real demand for this
- Maybe React Suspense will be released at some big conference (F8, React Europe, ...)

## Adeira PR

- Not much appetite for a Relay talk. It always ends with questions about Apollo
- Maybe something once the hooks are released
- Nice see fans of Relay example in Brazil

## Misc

- Next meeting in March
